Dongfang leader, did you not intend to let me go from the beginning? Now you know it's too late.
Big deal with you want to die broken net
We die together.
This is my sect.
From top to bottom are all my people.
If you two sleep with me, I might consider sparing your life.
Then hit it.
Everyone stop hiding.
Go out.
Long time no see.
Leader Pham Cong Tu
Shouldn't you be in prison in the capital?
It seems you don't know who I am.
I recommend you right now.
Just be quiet. Dream on.
Even if I die, I will drag you to the pad.
Sorry.
Can help the owner, now I want money have money.
Need people
You want to use me as a cushion.
A bit difficult.
This is my territory.
I can do whatever I want.
Let whoever gives birth give birth.
Let those who die die.
I'm not afraid of death anyway, I'm not afraid either.
Current situation
Looks like it's almost there.
Governors, Lords surrender?
You want to die, don't drag me into it.
What do you mean good people don't lose money in front of their eyes?
This kind of person is not worth our lives.
I was blind to you.
Funny.
Take them down.
Young master Duong, don't go yet.
I want to go to the landlord's place tonight.
Then there is the Eastern sect leader.
Put them in jail.